A great variety of relishing, nutritive, and even elegant dishes, may be prepared from the most homely materials, which may not only be rendered more nourishing but be made to go much further in a large family than they usually do. The great secret of all cookery, except in roasting and broiling, is a judicious use of butter, flour, and herbs, and the application of a very slow fire for good cooking requires only gentle simmering, but no boiling up, which only renders the meat hard. Good roasting can only be acquired by practice, and the perfection lies in cooking the whole joint thoroughly without drying up the juice of any part of it. This is also the case with broiling; while a joint under process of boiling, as we have said, should be allowed to simmer gently. 




With regard to made-dishes, as the horrible imitations of French cookery prevalent in America are termed, admit that they are very unwholesome. All the juice are boiled out of the meat, which is swimming in a heterogenous compound, disgusting to the sight, and seasoned so strongly with spice and Cayenne pepper enough to inflame the stomach of an ostrich. 




French cookery is generally mild in seasoning, and free from grease; it is formed upon the above-stated principle of reducing the aliment as near to the state of chyme as possible, without injury to its nutritive qualities, rendering it at once easy of digestion and pleasant to the taste.






HINTS ON MARKETING
In the first place, the housewife ought, where it is possible, to do her marketing herself, and pay ready-money for everything site purchases. This is the only way in which she can be sure of getting the best goods at the lowest price. We repeat that this is the only way compatible with economy; because, if a servant be entrusted with the buying, she will, if she is not a good judge of the quality of articles, bring home those she can get for the least money (and these are seldom the cheapest); and even if she is a good judge, it is ten to one against her taking the trouble to make a careful selection. 


When the ready-money system is found inconvenient, and an account is run with a dealer, the mistress of the house ought to have a pass-book in which she should write down all the orders herself, leaving the dealer to fill in only the prices. Where this is not done, and the mistress neglects to compare the pass-book with the goods ordered every time they are brought in, it sometimes happens, either by mistake, or the dishonesty of the dealer, or the servant, that goods are entered which were never ordered, perhaps never had, and that those which were ordered are overcharged; and if these errors are not detected at the time, they are sure to be difficult of adjustment afterwards. For these and other economic reasons, the housewife should avoid running accounts, and pay ready-money.






RULES FOR EATING
Dr. Hall, on this important subject, gives the following advice: 
Never sit down to table with an anxious or disturbed mind; betters hundred times intermit that meal, for there will then be that much more food in the world for hungrier stomachs than yours; and besides, eating under such circumstances can only, and will always, prolong and aggravate the condition of things. 
Never sit down to a meal after any intense mental effort, for physical and mental injury are inevitable, and no one has a right to deliberately injure body, mind, or estate. 
Never go to a full table during bodily exhaustion designated by some as being worn out, tired to death, used up, overdone, and the like. The wisest thing to be done under such circumstances is to take a cracker and a cup of warm tea, either black or green, and no more. In ten minutes you will feel a degree of refreshment and liveliness which will be pleasantly surprising to you; not of the transient kind which a glass of liquor affords, but permanent; but the tea gives present stimulus and a little strength, and before it subsides, nutriment begins to draw from the sugar, and cream, and bread, thus allowing the body gradually, and by safe degrees, to regain its usual vigor. Then, in a couple of hours, a full  meal may be taken, provided that it does not bring it later than two hours before sundown; if later, then take nothing for that day in addition to the cracker and tea, and the next day you will feel a freshness and vigor not recently known.


No lady will require to be advised a second time, who will conform to the above rules; while it is a fact of no unusual observation among intelligent physicians, that eating heartily, and under bodily exhaustion, is not unfrequently the cause of alarming and painful illness, and sometimes sudden death. These things being so, let every family make it a point to assemble around the table with kindly feelings with a cheerful humor, and a courteous spirit; and let that member of it be sent from it in disgrace who presumes to mar the reunion by sullen silence, or impatient look, or angry tone, or complaining tongue. Eat ever in thankful gladness, or away with you to the kitchen, you "ill-tempered thing, that you are." There was good philosophy in the old-time custom of having a buffoon or music at the dinner-table.